v0.10.1 release prep (#1001)
microsoft/vscode-azureresourcegroups: CHANGELOG.md

# Change Log

## 0.10.1 - 2024-12-31

# Fixed

> * Fixed an issue where tree items can't be found if the account id has a slash in it. This was impacting Azure Functions deploy scenarios. https://github.com/microsoft/vscode-azurefunctions/issues/4355

Reviewer: I get that the issue is in another repo, but we should still follow the formatting that we usually do, I think.

```suggestion
* [[4335]](https://github.com/microsoft/vscode-azurefunctions/issues/4355) Fixed issue that impacted Azure Function deployment due to tree items not being found if the account id had a slash in it.
```
